Remove analytics from onboarding steps, beef up directions (#105)
firebase/agent-skills: skills/firebase-crashlytics/references/ios_setup.md

## Follow up Steps

> ### Required: Force a Test Crash

Reviewer: +1 to this review bot -- good bot :-D

    }
    ```

> 2.  Run your app on a device or emulator. If running in the Xcode emulator, make sure that the Xcode debugger is disconnected, otherwise the crash will not make it to Crashlytics. The app should crash after a short delay.

Reviewer: +1 -- good bot :-)

3.  Restart the app. The Crashlytics SDK will send the crash report to Firebase on the next app launch.

> 4.  After a few minutes, the crash should be available in the Firebase console. Go to **DevOps & Engagement** > **Crashlytics** to view your dashboard and crash reports.

Reviewer: bad bot -- but it should be forgiven.  We change the categories in Firebase every year.

Right now, the Firebase console categorizes "Crashlytics" under "DevOps & Engagement".

    }
    ```

2.  Run your app on a device or emulator. If running in the Xcode emulator, make sure that the Xcode debugger is disconnected, otherwise the crash will not make it to Crashlytics. The app should crash after a short delay.

3.  Restart the app. The Crashlytics SDK will send the crash report to Firebase on the next app launch.

4.  After a few minutes, the crash should be available in the Firebase console. Go to **DevOps & Engagement** > **Crashlytics** to view your dashboard and crash reports.
  -  If the Firebase MCP server is installed, use the `get_report` tool to check that a crash was received.
  -  As a fallback, visit the Crashlytics dashboard in the Firebase console to see the new crash report.

> 5. After verifying that the crash has made it to the Firebase console - either via `get_report` or manually using the Firebase console - remove the code from step 1 that triggers the crash to prevent the application from always crashing on start up after a delay.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. After verifying that Firebase has received the crash report - either using the `get_report` tool or manually viewing it in the Firebase console - remove the code from step 1 that triggers the crash.  This prevents the application from always crashing on start up after a delay.
```
